>>LISA GARR: What if
our psyche knew our past
and where we're
going in our future?
What if the answers to
our deepest questions
are really locked inside
our own subconscious mind?
Wouldn't you want
to find out how
to get access to that locked
up information, so we can heal?
Past life regressionist
Mira Kelley
is joining us to talk about
how our fears and our phobias
and our anxieties and
other emotional states
can have their origins
in past life events.
Welcome.
Fascinating, first of all.
>>MIRA KELLEY: Thank you.
Thank you for having me.
It's going to be an
amazing conversation.
>>LISA: Yes.
You know it is.
I know that you have had just
quite a journey in your life.
You didn't just roll
out of bed and say,
I'm going to be a past
life regressionist today.
You really had a journey,
and it's such a great story
because it's great for everyone
to hear because it unveils how
we find our destiny in life.
Can you share with us a little
bit about how you got started?
>>KELLEY: I would love to.
I came into the world
of past life regression
you could say by chance,
if anything's ever
a coincidence, right?
And the moment I learned about
past lives, it clicked in.
It really felt so right, so
familiar, or so comfortable.
And the very first time
I read a book on it,
it was very intriguing.
But I was way too
young, way too little.
And so I kind of put
that on the backburner.
>>LISA: How old were you?
>>KELLEY: I was 13 years old.
And you imagine.
You have a teenager.
You know how it is.
Other things seem more
interesting and fascinating.
The world is a big place.
And then I was much
older years later.
I was struggling with
a physical challenge.
I had a very painful
jaw condition
that left me with severe intense
pain, always right here, right?
And you know that even when
you have the smallest scratch,
it bothers you.
You notice it.
And now when I drink
something, that's, like, always
right here in your face.
>>LISA: Oh, jaw pains.
Intense, yes.
Now were you in-- where
were you living at the time?
>>KELLEY: Mm, I was at that
time living in New York City.
I had a very demanding
career as an attorney.
I was a corporate
attorney, so imagine--
>>LISA: Wow.
>>KELLEY: --lots of
responsibilities,
lots of hours of work.
>>LISA: And your origin
is from Bulgaria, yes?
>>KELLEY: Yes, yes.
Originally, I'm from Bulgaria.
And so there I am,
working as an attorney
and developed this condition.
And so I didn't know what to do.
I went the traditional route
of working with many people
out there who are trying
to manipulate the tissue.
And nobody was looking within
and helping me guide within.
And so after a whole year of
trying to figure things out
and nothing working,
I was told that I need
to have a very painful surgery.
And they described
to me that they
were going to break my jaw.
Can you imagine this?
>>LISA: Oh, oh, oh.
>>KELLEY: And then reattach
my jaw back with wires,
hoping that that
will actually soothe
the inflammation and the pain
in the muscles of the jaw
because that's
where the issue was.
>>LISA: That seems barbaric.
>>KELLEY: Totally.
>>LISA: Yeah.
>>LISA: That doesn't
seem like a good idea.
>>KELLEY: No.
And so I couldn't do it, right?
And so in that moment of
me saying, what do I do?
I need help here.
I got to do something else.
I remembered the past life
regression I did as a kid.
And reading all those stories
of how people would just
miraculously heal just
by experiencing something
in their head, right?
And so that's what I did.
And I saw myself as a man who
was very strong physically,
but his spirit was broken
because he was a slave.
And there was this
big metal collar
that was always hurting right
where the pain was in mirror
in my body in this life.
And that's how I experienced
the intense powerlessness,
the intense feeling
of I'm a slave.
I'm not in charge of my
own life and my destiny.
And so this question of
power and powerlessness
was very strongly playing
emotionally in my awareness.
And I woke up the next morning
after experiencing this,
and the pain was gone.
And--
>>LISA: Wow.
>>KELLEY: Incredible, right?
>>LISA: Now were you in that
time in your life feeling like
you were enslaved--
>>KELLEY: Oh, absolutely.
>>LISA: --to your
job and your work?
>>KELLEY: And I didn't
have the awareness
to connect the two, right?
And I definitely felt
that way at my job, right?
The demands being placed on me.
>>LISA: Right, and prior
to that, prior to you
moving from Bulgaria
to New York City,
was there any story of
that going on in your life,
where you felt enslaved to
maybe your parents' will
or a different will than yours?
>>KELLEY: Not so
much, but then again,
it was a communist
country I grew up in.
So there was a lot that
was different, right?
Let's use that word-- different.
>>LISA: Strongly different.
>>KELLEY: Yeah.
And so that question was
really working itself
in the back of my psyche.
What does it mean to
be free and powerful?
And this is a question so many
of us work through, right?
Even with our finances,
even with our relationships.
It doesn't have to be the
regime, the political regime.
It's personally,
within ourselves.
And that's really what
happens with everyone when
they do a past life regression.
They always connect
with a lifetime
that is there to guide them
to understand, to heal.
And I really love that
you made the connection
with where I was
personally, Mira,
when I did that regression
and had that physical issue.
And as that worked
itself through me, right,
as they worked through
those emotions, it was gone.
>>LISA: I wish it was
that easy, though.
I mean, is it just as a matter
of simply becoming aware,
or were you really ready for
something to unlock in you?
>>KELLEY: I'm not going
to tell you that it's
100% with every client.
For some, it's
right there, right?
Immediately, instantly.
The phobias, the
fears, the issues.
And for some people,
it's like, oh,
now I understand, and
now I have to apply.
Now I have to learn
everything that I
learned in this experience.
I actually have to screw my
head in the right direction
and think differently
and use my willpower.
>>LISA: It's really beautiful
to show that example of how
it really can directly relate
to healing in your life,
especially when someone might
not understand or believe
in, because of a
religious belief,
past lives and reincarnation.
What or how do you
explain that to people
who don't believe in that?
>>KELLEY: Oh, so the
answer is very simple--
as long as you're open, as long
as you're just saying let's
see if there's something to
this that can benefit me.
I work with a lot of people
who simply come and say you
know what?
I don't know if this is real.
I had these background
religious understandings
that, hm, don't quite fit--
>>LISA: Oh, so they're
open in the first place.
>>KELLEY: --but I'm
willing to try, right?
And that's all I ask of people.
Because the process works.
You have been other
times and places, right?
Even anybody who has ever
raised more than one kid
or even the one kid will tell
you they come their own people.
They do not come
blank slates, right?
They have their
preferences, their desires.
And so all of that
is us having been
in other times, other
places, and showing up
with a different understanding.
>>LISA: Well, that's
a great example
because our daughter came in
with this incredible passion
for horses and this
seamless connection
with the beautiful animal.
I've never been around horses.
She was never around
horses as a baby,
but she migrated towards
them out of the womb.
And it would be really
interesting to see
with her connection,
which is so interesting.
Because now she's kind
of broken that connection
'cause she got into
being a teenager,
and there's a point where you're
a teenager where either you
go into teenage years
or you stay riding.
And it would be interesting
to see if that would help
her reconnect with the animals.
>>KELLEY: Most certainly.
And so it's not just
the love of the animals.
There's also something
else there, too, right?
So we always are most strongly
connected with lifetimes
where there's some
learning, some shared theme.
A theme is a better word
than a lesson, right?
Something that we are
here to because there
is no judgment to it.
>>LISA: Well, I call
it a nagging, though.
It's really a pulling.
It's something that
is insatiably curious,
you're curious about, but it
can't be solved or satisfied.
And for anyone
who's experiencing
this weird, strange phenomenon
of really being drawn
towards something that
you don't understand why,
this is a great way
to explore that.
>>KELLEY: Absolutely.
Oh my god, absolutely.
So for me, that's the case
with me, so go figure.
It's such a simple,
silly example.
Yet I have a very strong
connection with Japan
and with a Japanese
lifetime I have lived.
Now did I grow up with
the Japanese cuisine?
Absolutely not.
>>LISA: Uh-huh.
But you're drawn towards
it, which is a good example.
So then you went on to become
a past life regressionist
for many years now, right?
>>KELLEY: Oh, gosh.
It feels like I'm on
a whole different time
trajectory, right?
That lifetime of being me an
attorney feels like a past life
now.
And it was a significant
jump, but this jump
was informed by my
own healing, right?
And then this pool,
this nagging pool
that you called
it, right, this has
allowed me to talk to other
people because it's a passion.
I want to share what's possible.
I wanted to tell people it
could be so easily resolved.
Let's give this
a try, and people
will have these
extraordinary experiences.
And then one day, I found myself
working with Dr. Wayne Dyer,
and he was immediately
the way for me
to connect with so
many people because he
has this big powerful
voice that will bring
incredible stories to people.
And so I had the opportunity--
>>LISA: Interesting.
>>KELLEY: --to really dive
into a whole different way
of serving the world
very authentically.
>>LISA: We're going to talk
about that in a second,
but do you think that
that for you was karma?
Was it destiny?
Did you have a past life that
maybe was a pulpit on a stage?
Have you looked into that?
>>KELLEY: It's the
desire to uplift.
It's really the desire to heal.
And there was definitely
a strong connection
with Wayne Dyer, right?
I dreamt of-- him and I work--
I never told you this story--
>>LISA: Oh my goodness.
>>KELLEY: --so now
let's say it on camera.
>>LISA: Wow.
>>KELLEY: So here's the story.
A couple of years
before I even met him,
I had a dream that
he was teaching me
how to be a spiritual teacher.
Not how to forgive, how
to be compassionate--
the core of his work--
but him and I were
working on I'm
going to teach you
how to be somebody
who can change the world.
And--
>>LISA: Oh my goodness.
>>KELLEY: --I didn't know,
and Dr. Dyer, I didn't
have a way of knowing him.
And then when him
and I connected,
it was like, oh, I'm home.
Welcome home.
>>LISA: So you wrote him a
letter that said I'd love
to do--
and he talks about this.
>>KELLEY: Simply because I
had a moment of intuition
that maybe I can help, right?
And then I resisted it.
I was like, no, no,
no, I'm a lawyer.
No, no, no.
And then I decided if there
is a way to serve, why not?
And lo and behold,
we connected, and it
was a very powerful
healing experience for him.
So him and I worked
on his leukemia.
And as you know,
when he transitioned,
the autopsy showed that there
was no leukemia in his body.
And so the bringing
of divine love
was the path of healing for him.
And I feel so blessed that I was
instrumental in that for him.
>>LISA: Such an
incredible story.
I'm actually going to have you
take a look at this video--
a little bit about Mira
Kelley and her journey
and also about Wayne.
Take a look.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
>> I feel almost like I've
been living without purpose
for the first 39
years of my life.
>> I end up in this role of
almost like a mother type
figure.
I know that I will
not be able to have
a satisfying relationship
without resolving that.
And I don't want to be a mother
to someone who's not my child.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> And tell me what
do you look like.
>> I'm female.
It almost looks like the 1920s.
>> There's no food.
The children are hungry.
I cannot help them.
They need help.
>> I feel immensely fulfilled.
I received a letter from this
woman in New York, an attorney.
And she said she
wanted to come to Maui,
and she wanted to do a past
life regression with me
that she thought could help me
to heal myself from leukemia.
And this was not someone
that I knew at all,
but it was such a
beautifully written letter.
So I invited her to come.
It was a total life
changing experience.
And if Mira, if
you could come up.
This is Mira Kelley.
[APPLAUSE]
>> Hello, everyone.
>> I seldom had any firsthand
experience with past life
regression.
Then I met Mira, Mira Kelley.
I had no expectations
for our session,
but within an hour
of her arrival,
I entered into one of the
most riveting experiences
of hypnotic time
traveling imaginable.
It was one of the most
remarkable experiences
of my life.
Truly a life transforming,
life shifting experience.
>> I was born and grew up
in a communist country.
Growing up for me,
there was no religion.
There was no spirituality.
There was no god.
There was no talks about
angels or reincarnation.
I was 13 years old when the
very first mention of it
came into my life through
a book by Brian Weiss.
I loved the possibilities of
people instantly changing.
I was working as a corporate
and securities attorney
in a large law firm in New York
City when a regression again
powerfully came
back into my life.
A very simple dental procedure
created an extreme TMJ
condition in my jaw.
I couldn't even open my mouth
to put a fork or spoon for food
in my mouth.
It was really extreme.
Speaking, sleeping, standing
was a great challenge
because the pain is right
here, always in your face.
You cannot ignore it.
And after a whole year of
attempting to heal myself,
I did a past life regression.
I saw a very brief,
very vague visual of me
as a slave, a very
strong, tall black man.
And as a slave, I had
a big metal collar
right here around my neck.
And the metal collar
had this imperfection.
And when it was put
together, that it was always
rubbing right there in my jaw.
I left this woman's
office, and all
I could do for the rest of
the day is basically cry.
I was just having such
a cathartic experience
of releasing emotions.
And I don't even know
why I cried, you know?
It just felt very
emotional to me.
The next morning, I woke
up and the pain was gone.
It was all gone.
After I had this
powerful healing
through connecting
with my past lives,
I became very much
a spirit undercover.
And with time, I began
regressing others.
Eventually, I was able to
work with Dr. Wayne Dyer.
Him including the story of our
regression, the full transcript
of the story, his book
"Wishes Fulfilled,"
and also sharing with his
audiences about his experience
with me gave me an
instant credibility,
an instant authority.
It gave me access to a
really large audience that
is very much attuned to
this kind of information
and to this kind of work.
My life has never been
the same since then.
[END PLAYBACK]
>>LISA: It was great
to see Wayne again.
I always love hearing his words.
And he was, as you
know, my mentor as well,
and did the same thing with
me, took me under his wing
and really poured that
love and respect into me
that I was hiding in myself.
And he has a way of doing that.
And he helped write the
foreword to my book.
And we have this connection with
our friend, who is very strong
still on this planet.
And I believe-- there's so
many things to talk about.
I believe that when somebody
passes, the more people that
hold their consciousness in
their memory, the more alive
that spirit and soul exists.
>>KELLEY: Absolutely.
>>LISA: And can really
live in our hearts
and our consciousness.
And we keep that
consciousness alive
because that's ultimately
what we are, right?
We're ultimately consciousness.
And we've slowed down into
this existence for now.
So with that said,
do you believe
that we can have simultaneous
existences of reality?
Do you believe that you
can be in this lifetime
now and then simultaneously
exist in the other
and maybe in a future one?
>>KELLEY: Absolutely.
That's actually the core of
what I teach people in my book
"Beyond Past Lives."
And I came into learning about
this simply because of a client
who shared with me six
lifetimes all happening
in the same 120,
130 year period.
And imagine I came
into this session
with this person with the
traditional understanding
that there is one soul.
It goes into one lifetime, then
the next, then the next, then
the next.
And there is this
man who is saying,
oh, no, I am being
born in one lifetime
before I die in another.
And my mind was blown away.
Imagine I literally
had the moment of,
like, how is this possible?
>>LISA: Right.
>>KELLEY: And so I came to--
and that was the beginning.
That was the beginning because
afterwards, many more people
showed up with
similar experiences.
So I can share this with
people, this understanding
that just as quantum physicists
tell us, time is simultaneous.
And just as spiritual teachers
tell us, it's all now.
And so what that means
in terms of reincarnation
is that all our lifetimes
are happening now.
And even though we talk
about them as past, present,
and future, they're
unfolding right now,
have unfolded, and can unfold.
And this is where
regression becomes
really much like that mind
bending awareness that quantum
physics presents, right?
Because when you start
thinking, wait a minute,
so I'm actually really seeing
only one possible version
of that lifetime, depending on
exactly what I need right now.
Because if that lifetime is
still unfolding and is ongoing,
then that means that
there are millions
of other possibilities.
>>LISA: This is how it's
relevant to our lives
now because as we
evolve in our lives,
we experience different
parts of ourselves.
We awaken to different
So when I had a
reading with you,
I had seen specific lifetimes,
which I will tell you--
I don't know if
you remember this,
but I specifically went
into a future life.
>>KELLEY: Yes.
Yeah.
It was so amazing.
>>LISA: Which was amazing.
>>KELLEY: Yeah.
>>LISA: We'll talk
about that in a second
because it's possible
not only to go backwards,
but to go forward.
So as you are developing
and evolving as a soul--
and maybe I've hit a
different area in my life
now where I'm learning a
different soul lesson--
can I go back into the
past life regression
and learn from that how
to get the tools to handle
my new level of evolvement?
>>KELLEY: Absolutely.
So regression is not something
you do once and say, OK--
>>LISA: Wow.
>>KELLEY: --this is who
I was in my past life.
It really is a tool for
development, for evolvement,
right?
I really love how you said it.
>>LISA: Fascinating.
Like therapy, in a way.
>>KELLEY: Yes, it is.
>>LISA: Your own
personal guided--
>>KELLEY: Absolutely.
Yeah.
>>LISA: So when you guide
someone through this path,
you're really walking in very
delicate areas in their minds.
So they have to be very,
very safe with you.
And when they start
on this journey,
just give us an idea
of how safe it is.
You just ask someone to go
into looking to their feet.
Can you share that with us?
>>KELLEY: Absolutely.
So it's so interesting you said
feeling safe because I hear
this very often from clients.
They show up and they say, I've
been looking to do a past life
regression with somebody.
And yet, you make me feel safe.
And so after all these
years, I trust you.
And it is a process that is very
gentle, very beautiful, very
easy.
Much like meditation, it's
simply allowing for the mind
to focus in a specific direction
and let everything else go,
right?
So using the power of focus.
And then I guide
people in a way that
allows them to understand
the questions, the challenges
they have right now, so that
they feel guided right now, so
that they feel that the
path forward is clear,
so they feel empowered--
that sense of I get it and
I know exactly what to do.
>>LISA: Fascinating.
So you take them into a deep
relaxation, a deep state.
And then you say look
down at your feet.
>>KELLEY: And then some
people are very visual,
so they immediately see
and describe to the level
of detail--
>>LISA: Where they are.
>>KELLEY: --that is absolutely
extraordinary to listen.
And for other people, it's
the rest of their senses--
smell, touch, awareness,
simple knowingness.
So all of our senses come
into place and then people
start building in the scene--
in other words, one piece
after another after another.
And they become aware of
what they look like, right?
What is the environment, who
are the people around them.
Very often, they
recognize people
they share their present
life with, the places
and experiences in terms of
periods and time in history.
And so it all
becomes such a vivid,
such an exciting
adventure of getting
to know more of yourself,
more of the soul journey.
And as people
learn that, as they
come to experience
those deep emotions--
because that's how
it feels, right?
It doesn't feel scary, even
if it's an unfortunate story--
>>LISA: It doesn't.
>>KELLEY: --a painful story.
It feels emotional, but
it's not the kind of emotion
that is when you go to watch a
horror movie that kind of shuts
you down-- scary for no reason.
It's the kind of
experience that opens you
up, allows you to
forgive, gives you
a greater level of awareness.
So truly, truly life changing.
>>LISA: How is it
not scary, though,
if you're going into a
lifetime where maybe you were
burned at the stake or hung?
In your situation, how is it
not scary to go back into that?
>>KELLEY: I
experienced a lifetime
where I immediately dropped into
the body of this other woman.
So I look at myself, and
I look very different.
And I'm running
down this hallway,
and I can see the brick walls.
And I'm trying to
open doors to escape,
and I'm aware that there's
people behind me, chasing me.
And I'm aware in this
moment, and my heart
went from complete
relaxation, right?
Imagine completely calm
to beating super fast
and me being so
anxious and tense.
And I have the awareness
that I'm being chased
by officers from the Nazi army.
And what they were
doing, these soldiers,
is they're looking to catch
me because I have put a poison
in somebody's glass of water.
So rather than giving
them a medication,
I had actually poisoned them.
And so I get to
this room, and I see
how there's a little sliver at
one of the doors that opens.
I get into this room, and
I see that there's just
a little sliver of a window,
and there is no escape.
And the next scene I see is
myself looking from above,
and I'm on an electric chair.
And I'm about to be executed.
And I am aware that--
>>LISA: You say
this with a smile.
>>KELLEY: And I'm
feeling goosebumps--
>>LISA: Wow.
>>KELLEY: --at the same time.
It's like, wow, I really
experienced this, right?
And at the same time, I'm aware
that this man I have actually
killed was done with
for the greater good.
That's what I believe
I was doing, right?
I was a Soviet Union spy,
and I was really there,
serving as a doctor who was
really picking up information,
actually.
And so the instructions
I have been given is to--
what a horrible word--
terminate this man, right?
This general.
And so as my soul was leave--
because I'm looking
from above, right?
I'm seeing this below.
I'm not feeling the
pain of the experience.
But I'm seeing the
beauty of the experience
because I see my
soul lifting, and I'm
aware that the lesson was love.
Just really deeply connect,
and love, and honor,
and have compassion.
And my soul was lifted and a
spirit guide came and got me.
And the two of us continue--
well, the two of us
continued while a
part of my awareness
is here still watching, right?
And so there was such an
experience of I get it.
>>LISA: Wow.
>>KELLEY: I get it.
I understand.
So even though there
was the emotion of fear,
there was so much healing and
understanding and compassion.
So I came out of this
not judging myself,
but really loving myself
more and having compassion
for others more and such a clear
understanding that I'm here
to love, right?
Such a simple theme,
such a simple lesson.
>>LISA: That's such
a great example.
>>KELLEY: Quite hard.
>>LISA: Yes, and
that's a great example
of showing how you can
disassociate from it,
so that you don't feel
the pain of the moment.
>>KELLEY: Oh, never.
>>LISA: You get the lesson.
Wouldn't it be great if we
could do that in our own life
as we're going through
the pain of a moment,
jump up to the
ceiling, and say, oh,
that's why you're
going through that.
It's going to be OK.
>>KELLEY: That's right.
We have this, right?
>>LISA: But just
because I'm so curious,
how did that manifest
in your life now?
Are you executing people and--
>>KELLEY: No, no, not really.
But I am helping with
everybody beating themselves up
in their struggles
and their challenges.
So I'm there to hold their
hand and be like, you
are an amazing person.
Look at the bigness
of who you are.
Look at your mission.
Look at your light.
You're here to be loved
and love yourself.
And just focus on using
your mind in a more
productive and clear way.
And life will show up for you
to support you and love you
in a way that the divine
loves you and supports you.
How about that?
>>LISA: Yeah, that's beautiful.
Can you regress yourself,
or can people do this
by just listening to an audio?
>>KELLEY: Oh, absolutely.
I want to invite everybody
watching to just get
one of my audios, work with me.
You can do it on your own.
Absolutely.
That's how I regressed
myself the very first time.
>>LISA: Oh, you did
that, oh, yourself.
Gosh, that's amazing.
And you have to be
open to it, not closed,
but just have a way to start the
conversation within yourself.
>>KELLEY: And be willing
to explore, right?
And obviously, pick an
environment that's quiet.
And from there on, it's all
going to show up for you.
>>LISA: So would
you suggest this
to anyone who's going
through an illness
or going through a very
rough relationship?
What is the biggest issue
that people come to you with?
>>KELLEY: So just
because I shared
a story that was
emotional in this way,
it doesn't mean that
that will be the story
everybody will experience.
So if somebody is
saying, oh, I don't know.
I don't want to see myself
being executed in a painful way.
It's not going to be the case.
Actually, if somebody
is saying this,
chances are they're
going to experience
a very loving, a very
peaceful, beautiful lifetime.
Because when you experience
a happy lifetime,
there's so much to learn
from that as well, right?
And so I want to
encourage people to--
anything that's going
on in their life,
whether it's any illness,
whether it's phobias they
don't even understand, right?
So--
>>LISA: And they
cannot be cured.
>>KELLEY: --relationship
challenges, money issues,
anything, anything.
>>LISA: Yes.
I do have an unexplained
phobia about spiders.
It--
>>KELLEY: Still?
>>LISA: Tried everything.
I've tried hypnosis.
I've tried everything.
I should--
>>KELLEY: And we
have to work on this.
Yes.
>>LISA: Well, here's a question.
So what if-- so here's
a great example.
My producer of the
Aware show, Gina, she
had these incredible past
lives in Cairo, in Egypt.
And she's traveled there,
and she got married there.
And her makeup and her
look looks like Cleopatra.
And she really embodies
this Egyptian lifetime
over and over and over again.
Yet, she's not in Egypt.
She's not traveling
there right now.
She's not there.
What happens when-- is she
off of her soul's calling
to go to Egypt, or
is she really needing
to use that in her life?
Like, what happens if you
don't act on what you find?
Maybe it's not
convenient for her
to go to Egypt right now because
she's producing this show.
>>KELLEY: So that's
the connection
with a lifetime where
there was a shared
theme, a shared lesson.
And that's why it's
coming through so strong
because it's such an importance
for her to pay attention,
right?
So it's not about
going to Egypt.
It's not about living there.
It's not about marrying
an Egyptian man.
It's really about understanding
I have this passion,
but behind this passion,
there is something.
>>LISA: Oh.
>>KELLEY: Because I'm
here in this lifetime.
I'm a different person.
I chose a different
location, a different family.
So it's not about
recreating that lifetime.
It's about discovering
what is the topic, what is
the theme, what is the lesson.
>>LISA: Maybe who is Cleopatra,
what does she represent,
and how can Gina embody
that in this lifetime.
>>KELLEY: I like that.
>>LISA: Are you listening?
So in that sense, do you
know a lot about history?
Do you know a lot about the
time periods and so forth?
Have you had to learn?
>>KELLEY: I am
learning from clients,
and I'm learning the details
that are actually exciting.
And I have to tell you,
we've been talking only
about past lives.
But this process is just as
good about exploring the future
because like we were saying, the
future is happening right now.
And so I love the
possibilities of the future
that I hear from clients, right?
Exciting stuff.
>>LISA: It's amazing--
you've worked
with a child who had this
experience of being Lou Gehrig.
Tell us about that.
>>KELLEY: Oh, gosh.
It was really wonderful
working with Christian.
So Christian experienced
early lifetime,
around three years old, four,
he started sharing with his mom
these stories of being
Lou Gehrig and also about
Babe Ruth--
just little comments
here and there.
And she would take
notes, and she
would be really perplexed
what's going on.
And so she came to see me.
She came to one of
my workshops, and she
said this is what's
going on in my life.
Can you come and work
with me, with my family?
And so sure enough,
I worked with her.
She and I did a past
life regression.
She experienced being
Lou Gehrig's mom.
She experienced
level of details that
is not in the public domain.
So it's not like she
went and researched them.
I also worked with Christian.
And so this is
what's so interesting
when we talk about karma.
So as you know, Lou Gehrig died
from the Lou Gehrig disease,
which is a muscle disease.
So back then, there were
no breathing machines,
no breathing apparatuses.
So the muscle weakness
affected him in a way
that he couldn't breathe.
And that's how he transitioned.
And so in this
lifetime, Christian
came in with severe
asthma where to the point,
they would be in the emergency
room practically every week,
right?
With the kid having
severe asthma attacks.
Him and I did a past
life regression,
and here's what I told him.
I said to him, this is
a different lifetime.
You don't need to continue
with the same symptoms.
This is a different body.
This is a healthy
and strong body.
You can let that go.
Guess what?
Just like that, the
symptoms were gone and so--
>>LISA: During the
regression or after?
>>KELLEY: Till this day.
I think Christian is now, if
I'm not mistaken, 10 years old.
>>LISA: Wow.
>>KELLEY: But the
symptoms haven't returned.
And I'm very grateful
for Cathy Byrd.
His mom now has went on to
write a book, "The Boy Who
Knew Too Much,"
acknowledging the role I
played in Christian's
healing because to a mom,
this is a huge--
to him, this is a huge deal.
So that's the karma that
we're speaking of, right?
It's not about staying
with what's coming up.
It's about understanding
it and using it.
And the two of them
definitely have
the mission of bringing the idea
of reincarnation to everybody.
>>LISA: That is phenomenal.
>>KELLEY: People who
like baseball, right?
People who would
never talk to you
and I, but they would be
interested in the baseball
story.
>>LISA: It's fascinating.
That is so fascinating.
Her book is great, and now,
what details did she remember?
Because they've
reincarnated together.
Do we come together as
a soul, group again?
>>KELLEY: So I want to
share with you this.
She has given me permission
to speak about this.
So she experienced for her own
because that was the question
she had, why me, right?
Why this story,
because I'm not here
to make money off my child.
I'm not here to mess up
our private little world
and expose this to the world.
Why me?
And so she
experienced a lifetime
where she was the
daughter of a priest,
and this man had a version
of the scriptures that
was in Latin that spoke of
reincarnation, which was not
in the official Bible that he
was teaching from the pulpit.
And so he taught his
daughter to read at a time
when nobody was reading.
So she would read
these scriptures.
And sure enough, she would
share them with her friends,
and she felt so
compelled to tell others.
And the word got out,
and the inquisition came.
And so her dad was forced to
basically sentence her to death
and denounce what
she was teaching,
saying that's what she's
saying is not right.
So she was executed, and she
came out of this experience,
saying, oh, I understand
why this is also my mission.
And Christian and I
have come together
to really create
this pact together
to bring this message that
reincarnation is real.
You are here to continue
the journey of your soul,
the growth and the development.
And so--
>>LISA: So how does that
make the judgment any easier,
though, for he,
as a 10-year-old,
going into his teenage years?
That's going to be interesting.
How does that make
that journey any easier
for he and his mother to have
a book out about all of this?
>>KELLEY: Now she has
an answer of why me.
Right now, it's a personal
journey, much like the way
inspiring the world
and bringing light
to feels like, this is me.
This is authentic.
This is true.
I can stand behind
this message now.
Right?
Does that make sense?
>>LISA: Yes, it makes sense.
>>KELLEY: And so now she is
understanding this is about me.
>>LISA: It does
make a lot of sense.
>>KELLEY: Right?
>>LISA: When, in
my future journey,
where I saw the future
life, which isn't common,
but it happens, I
saw this world that
was connected by all of
these pods, basically.
And it was in the air,
and it was connected
through these white pods.
And we lived in these giant
communities of giant pods
that were connected
to each other.
But everyone in these
pods had the same level
of consciousness, the
same morality, the same--
and the desire to help
and heal the world,
or the world that we lived in.
And then the other
pods would connect,
and it was this really
fascinating existence.
It didn't have
Earth in it, though,
as we know it with dirt.
And but it was a beautiful way
of communing with each other,
or being in community
with each other,
and connected and moving
the world forward.
And it was just a--
if I look at what
I do and sometimes
being in conscious media
is at the forefront
of people's minds, and
having these conversations
aren't mainstream.
Yet, they're getting there.
They probably are by now.
But I see that vision,
and I see what's possible.
And it keeps me going.
>>KELLEY: Right?
>>LISA: Yeah.
And so that energy
is within you,
and that exudes
with every word you
speak, every show
you put out there.
So you are
vibrationally connecting
people with the possibility
of life can be amazing.
>>LISA: Yes.
Take a look here at
someone else's experience
of going through a past life
regression with Mira Kelley.
Take a look.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
>> So many women come into
relationships with the need
to complete what they
started in another lifetime.
Raise their children, make sure
their well-being is assured.
Can you describe yourself to me?
What do you look like?
>> Straw colored hair,
many freckles, very fair.
We've come from England.
I see my son, my daughter.
It's a lot of work
to be a parent,
and it's not what
I have time for.
>> How do they feel about you
not spending time with them?
>> They're used to it.
>> Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
>> But they do not know me,
and they do not like me.
I hid behind my heart.
I let it be hardened, and it
affected everyone I loved.
>> It's all about integrating
what you've learned before
and doing it differently.
We all will die one day, and
we all have that fear of dying.
We all have that question of
what happens to me after I die.
>> It was really beautiful
for me to be able to see
my children and to know that
the love we share in this life,
it never ended.
>> I want to ask you, how do
you feel after our regression?
>> I can't even wrap my
head around it yet fully.
But I feel like there's all
these pieces that now connect.
>> I really love
past life regression,
and I love it because
I know of its power.
And I want to bring
the power of this work
to as many people as
possible so that they
can feel within themselves the
potential for transformation.
Once we see another
person's journey,
we're able to very deeply
connect with their stories.
So this is the
kind of opportunity
a TV show based on the idea
of past life regressions
can offer people.
This show will help
people understand and heal
their relationships with their
friends and with their family,
receive guidance when
making important decisions,
connect with loved ones
who have passed on,
help you create a better
financial future for yourself,
help people find their purpose.
It's easy.
It's comforting.
It's quick.
It gives you the
answers that you seek,
and the information is
always appropriate, always
very guiding, always coming
from a very loving place.
This show will help people
live their best lives,
their conscious,
awake, aware lives.
>> If you ever have
an experience of this,
if you can get yourself
the way to do it,
figure out a way to do
it, because it's just,
it was so life changing for me.
[END PLAYBACK]
>>LISA: Again, a great
example of how someone really
can change and heal
tremendously years of issues
with the realization
from a past life.
It's really, really
quite phenomenal.
Now, can we talk about when
people end their own life?
And does that come up for people
where they took their own life
in a regression?
>>KELLEY: Absolutely.
I had that happen to me,
and I experienced the client
experiencing the lifetime where
he took his life and where he--
this is so interesting--
in that lifetime,
he couldn't deal
with the loneliness.
This was a man who, in his
lifetime, in that lifetime,
had lost not only his fortune in
the crash of the stock market,
but his wife, gotten
estranged with his daughter.
His son died in a car accident.
So the sense of
loneliness, the sense
of loss, the sense of everything
I have is being taken away
from me really
brought him to a place
where he used the gun
and committed suicide.
And so as the client
was observing,
same thing much
like what I shared--
>>LISA: Observing.
>>KELLEY: He was observing
from above the spirit leaving
the body, and he
saw people hearing
the gunshot and people rushing.
And so as everything
was continuing,
he went on to say
goodbye to his daughter.
And she felt that twinge in
her heart of my dad, right?
So as he left these
scenes, he then
connected with his spirit guide.
And the spirit guide said to
him, you ended it too soon.
You didn't allow for the
completion of the lesson.
And now here's what's
so interesting.
It's not like there was a
scoreboard of somebody judging
humans, saying, oh, you failed.
You didn't do well.
What happened is
he said to himself,
he said, ah, I fell short.
I got to go do it again.
And so sure enough, he
went into another lifetime.
In such detail, he described
how lifetimes are chosen,
how the name came up,
the family came up.
But there he is,
another lifetime.
And in this lifetime, the man
kept his life very simple,
didn't really connect with
others, died alone in a nursing
home, didn't really--
the emotional
connection wasn't there.
But he--
>>LISA: So he
didn't get it again.
>>KELLEY: Stuck it to the end.
So there he dies, and again,
he meets with his spirit guide
again.
And the spirit guide says to
him, you kept it very vanilla,
didn't you?
At least you stayed
till the end, right?
So then it was the
continuation of the learning
of creating
relationships and dealing
with emotional issues
and loss and all of that.
But at least, he didn't die.
So I wouldn't speak to this
issue of suicide, right?
Because people say,
I have free will.
Everywhere in my
own world I feel
powerless to direct
my life, right?
That's where suicide brings
us into, a place of I
feel a complete sense
of powerlessness.
But at least they have
a free will to end it.
And I'm here to tell
you, first of all,
from a spiritual point of view,
you're not ending anything.
You'll come right back
into a similar lifetime
where the issue
will be the same.
So please stick it out.
It will change, or ask for help.
There are people
who will help you.
You're not alone.
Right?
>>LISA: Even past life
regression could help.
>>KELLEY: Absolutely.
Anything-- reach out to me.
Reach out to anybody, really.
I'm here for you, because I
also know on the receiving
end of being with somebody
who you dearly love
and who is suicidal,
what that feels like.
And let me tell you, you
are loved and cared for.
And you will be breaking
people's hearts when you die,
even though you
feel they'll be OK.
No, not true because
in this lifetime,
you have the ability to
impact people in a way
that you wouldn't be
able in another lifetime.
So right now is your
moment of power,
even though it doesn't
feel that way, right?
Right now is your moment
when you can actually make
everybody else's life better.
Inspire people, impact people
in ways that you probably
don't even recognize, right?
Because we are like
pieces of the puzzle.
We all fit.
We all serve one another.
We're always there
for one another.
So if suicide is on
your mind, email me.
Work with me.
I will do everything
possible to support you.
And don't do it.
First of all, it's
not the answer.
And then it doesn't
resolve anything.
>>LISA: That's wonderful.
Thank you for saying that
and offering that to people.
You mention many times
about spirit guides.
Do we meet and do we have
these guides in this lifetime?
Is it a fantasy of
what our spirit guides?
>>KELLEY: Mm.
I think spirit guides as
that supportive energy
of the universe
personified towards us.
So they can be people
who have passed on.
They can be spiritual beings
who are on a level of awareness
and experiencing creation where
all they want to do is guide
and serve.
And so each one of
us has those guides.
And a part of my work--
I always guide people to
connect with their guides.
Because it's extraordinary
that once you tap in and once
you're willing to keep
that channel open,
you can always connect.
You can always feel that
guidance and assistance.
It's always there.
It's really the thinking
that we're alone
that shuts things down for us
and allows for the experience
of being alone.
But it's not true.
>>LISA: Can they come
in different forms?
Like if you're really connected
to the animal community?
>>KELLEY: Oh yes.
>>LISA: They can come
in different forms?
>>KELLEY: Absolutely.
Animal guides, spirit
guides in terms
of what we think of people,
it could be other dimensions
all together.
Yes, yes, yes.
And I love when people
connect with their guides.
And then they get to say,
oh, I have personal support
group, right?
Like, my own team
that is here for me.
It's extraordinary.
>>LISA: What about having a
past life on other planets
in other realms?
Kind of like I saw that future.
Does it always have
to be on Earth?
>>KELLEY: No, not at all.
>>LISA: Or this history--
>>KELLEY: No, not at
all people experience
lifetimes as extraterrestrials--
other dimensions,
other planets where, much
like what you describe,
it's not our human experience.
So gosh.
It's all there.
Because think about it.
The soul is not limited to
where it needs to go and learn.
The soul is multi-dimensional.
So you truly have
the opportunity
to connect with any experience
that will serve you right now.
>>LISA: Do you have more
belief in other existence
of different realities
and different planets
and so forth after
regressing people?
Have you seen or heard things--
>>KELLEY: I have to tell you.
I feel like every day I'm on the
cutting edge of consciousness.
I feel like I'm an explorer
into the new territories
of consciousness.
Because the stories I
hear, they never repeat.
Everybody's so unique with
such extraordinary journeys.
So I truly feel like
I'm learning every day.
>>LISA: Fascinating.
What are some of the
realms, just curious,
that you've heard of?
>>KELLEY: I want to tell you a
story of how souls get created.
So I had the opportunity to
work with an amazing woman--
Serena Dyer-- and she
experienced a lifetime
where she was the
keeper of a soul plane
where souls will
come on their way
to being incarnated on Earth.
And this is where they
would get their personality.
Because each one is so
different and every lifetime we
come with a different
personality.
And so she was saying that some
of the souls who come to her
are newly created souls.
And they come through
this portal, if you will.
And I said to her, well, can
we go through this portal
but backwards?
And sure enough, she
was like, of course.
And there we are.
And she described
to me that souls
get created through the
combination of light and energy
and intention, really intention.
And I said to her,
well, how does
this intention of creating a
new soul comes about, right?
And she said, well, all
that is and its growth
and its development
and its creation
of experiences all
of a sudden has
a desire for a new experience.
And all of a sudden,
it's recognizing
that it's not all that is.
It's some of what it could be.
In other words, there is a
need for something, right?
A need for more, and
that more is you.
That more is me.
That more is our viewers.
And so this intention, this
desire for new life is created.
And I heard this, and I was
thinking to myself, gosh,
I gotta tell this
story to everybody.
Because each one of us is
loved and wanted and valued
before we're even seen
and created, right?
And yet here we are telling
ourselves these sad stories
of I'm not enough.
>>LISA: Or I came from this
background or that way of life.
Or my mother did this.
And yeah.
>>KELLEY: I don't
have what it takes.
You know, what am
I here to serve?
It's just small
little me, right?
And yet the divine
is like, it's you.
If it's not, you then who.
I created you with so much love,
with so many gifts and talents.
Go be, right?
>>LISA: So interesting.
That's a great story because--
what I got from that was that we
come in really with the missing
piece that we're
looking to solve or find
or desire or go after with that
experience or if it's love.
We come in with the
piece we're looking for.
And our whole life is
searching for that.
>>KELLEY: Isn't that funny?
>>LISA: Which is so
amazing, because that's
what your purposes.
That's what that infinite
looking for your purpose
is all about.
And 5,000 books
were written about--
it's purpose, and it's because
we're looking for something.
Can you find your soul's
purpose within reincarnation?
>>KELLEY: You were asking me
earlier what's the question
people come with the most.
And that is the question.
What is my purpose?
And we all come in, like
you said, with this purpose,
with this awareness.
And so past life regression
is an amazing way
to see what is your purpose.
Or if you have an
awareness of it,
what are the challenges
that are coming out?
>>LISA: The fear--
>>KELLEY: You know, exactly.
Because it's not just
about discovering,
yes, I'm going to do
this thing in my life.
It is the path of
growth and development.
And because you're not done--
you're always growing--
your challenges, your
greatest learning,
will come through the
medium of your purpose.
Does that what makes sense?
>>LISA: I see why a
guide is important.
Because if I went
through these past lives,
you can connect a theme.
So you go to multiple lifetimes
in this regression process,
right?
>>KELLEY: Oh, yes.
Absolutely.
Yeah.
And so my goal always as I guide
people is to connect the theme,
to give the answers,
to connect the dots.
Because I am not
in the experience,
even though sometimes I am.
And what I mean by
that is I see and feel
and experience what
people go through?
But I have the ability
to stand from the outside
and simply see the process
and know how to guide them--
>>LISA: Right You're
more detached.
>>KELLEY: Yeah, exactly.
>>LISA: Well, you're not
enrolled in the conversation
as we tend to be enrolled
in the conversation.
And also, how does our
expectations, our goals,
maybe-- have you
ever had anyone who
has a certain
trajectory in their life
yet their lifetimes show a
completely different path?
>>KELLEY: And isn't that
most of us, though, right?
Because when we find ourselves--
when we find
ourselves in a place
where my health
is breaking down,
I am not in loving
relationships,
I'm struggling with money,
what is my career, what's
my purpose, that is us, right?
We're off track.
We're not listening
to the guidance within
and so that's where
working and seeing
the bigger picture of
your soul's journey--
clearing those blocks,
seeing the way forward--
is so freeing.
Because then you
say, OK, I get it.
Now my conscious
mind is on board.
I felt the emotions.
I know what to do.
>>LISA: So have you been able
to extrapolate these themes of,
what is money?
What is love?
What is parenting?
Have you ever really
put that together?
>>KELLEY: And it
all comes down to--
well, obviously, it's just a
place for us to learn and grow.
Because, you know, for some of
us, the challenges are money,
you know.
And and we talk about
this as karma, right?
I keep on dating the same
person or marrying them, right?
I keep on having health issues.
I keep on struggling from
one financial difficulty
to another.
So that's what we talk
about in terms of karma.
And so I want to give people
an understanding that whatever
that theme is, whatever
that challenge is,
whatever that karma is, it's
simply a field for development.
It's not punishment.
It's not you somehow
needing to pay for something
you've done five
lifetimes ago because--
>>LISA: Interesting.
It's not?
>>KELLEY: No.
No.
I want to--
I'm so happy we're
talking about this
so I can clear the judgment for
people and the sense of guilt
we impose on ourselves, right?
Because have you noticed
that only good people worry
that they're not good people?
Have you noticed that?
[LAUGHTER]
>>LISA: Yes.
I don't see the people
that are really doing evil
in the world worrying about it.
>>KELLEY: And so
this idea of karma--
there's so much emotion and
misunderstanding around this.
And I really want people
to start thinking of karma
as an opportunity
for development,
an opportunity for
using gifts and talents,
an opportunity for using
our willpower and directing
our thoughts and
emotions in a productive,
creative way versus destructive
pity, self-defeating ways--
ways that allow for spiritual
growth and development.
So karma is nothing but an
opportunity for development
as opposed to, I need
to repay something.
Because, remember,
time is simultaneous.
And so if these lifetimes
are happening simultaneously,
how could I be paying for a
lifetime that happened and is
happening right now?
>>LISA: Well, so what you do is
you discover the karma through
the past life in the form of
a lesson and consciously give
the opportunity to--
now do people remember
their regression.
>>KELLEY: Oh, always.
>>LISA: They do?
>>KELLEY: Just like you.
>>LISA: So they're
actively involved.
>>KELLEY: There's no way
you can forget it, right?
You forgot what you ate
two years ago for breakfast
on today's date.
But yeah.
What we experience will
always stay with you?
>>LISA: That is true.
It's very-- I clearly
remember the white pods.
That one specifically--
I don't so much
remember the other ones.
Maybe because I was--
maybe got those lessons.
So if I went back in
now, I would see--
into the regression-- I would
see maybe a different set
of lifetimes that are
revealing themselves to me.
>>KELLEY: Because you're in
a different place in life.
You are looking for
a different learning.
Your energy has upgraded.
Let's call it that way.
>>LISA: Right.
But how do we know
it's not imagination?
How do we know?
>>KELLEY: Because it
feels so real, right?
And so for some of
these lifetimes--
much like with Christian's
story and Cathy Byrd's story--
you go and research.
For others, there's no research.
I mean, how do you go and
find some village in Africa?
There's no even
records for that.
And yet, for the places where
there's research to be done,
there is amazing
cases out there.
For others, we just
go by how we feel.
And also there's
the general proof
of the footwear of the time,
the way people used to live.
So you know, we can
always use that as well.
But regression is a
very deeply healing
an intimate and
personal experience.
So it's not so much
about entertaining people
with dinner stories
and tell them listen,
I was this famous
person in history
and this would explain
the mess in my life.
It's more about shifting
emotionally and giving
ourselves permission to grow and
be the best we can possibly be.
Because that's what we're
all here to do really,
to use our gifts and talents in
a way that serves and in a way
that allows us to experience
life to the fullest.
>>LISA: I'm so
glad you said that.
Because it's not about proving
that there's a past life
or proving the lifetime and
the existence and so forth.
And sometimes it's interesting.
But it really is
about the healing
that occurs as a
result of the journey
that you go through in your
mind and your subconscious mind
and what you gain from
it in your lifetime
now, what you can do to use it
to heal your life for others
or find your purpose or
why you got off track.
And that's really the
main point of this.
>>KELLEY: Exactly.
And do I care if the slave
that I was if I was in Cuba
or in South Carolina, you know--
>>LISA: Does it really matter?
>>KELLEY: I don't care.
I was so grateful my jaw healed,
you know, without an operation
and internally that I
so shifted and changed.
That's all that really matters.
>>LISA: Just simply by feeling
that you were that enslaved?
>>KELLEY: And so that's
really what I see so often
with people, with my clients.
Phobias releasing,
physical ailments healing,
people really dropping
things and saying, I'm done.
I get it.
And the body reflecting
that immediately, right?
>>LISA: The work with children
is amazing with Jim Tucker
that he's doing at the
University of Virginia.
That's just incredible.
Now have you ever noticed that
people have physical wounds
from-- and this is something
that he discovered,
why I'm bringing it up?
Have you had that
personal experience
where somebody had a physical
wound from a past life?
>>KELLEY: Isn't
that extraordinary
that people have some kind of a
mark on their skin or something
that connects them
with that lifetime?
Absolutely.
And so again, it's
really the understanding
that there is a strong
cross-connection, right?
There is a strong energy
connection with this lifetime
simply because it's the
continuation, if you will,
even though-- you know,
it's a linear word--
of the learning.
Because think of it this way.
So imagine a circle.
And imagine that
there is a question
in the middle of the circle.
And let's call it
the question of love.
And so a soul would want to
learn all aspects of love.
But you don't learn
love just by being
in an amazingly supportive,
loving relationship, right?
So you also learn about
love by being abandoned
in an orphanage,
by you abandoning,
by needing to take care of
parents who are getting older,
by needing to raise
a baby-- you know,
you understand the
level of love there--
but the love for your country,
the love for a mission.
So all these differents
are different aspects
of the question of love.
And each one gives a
different perspective
towards the common
theme of love.
So this is how we all connect
with these lifetimes that
are most significant
to this common theme
that we're working on.
And when you reach a
level of clearing--
the ego releases and changes--
and we reach a place of,
I'm done with this theme,
we start working
on something else.
And that's how we connect
with other lifetimes, right?
>>LISA: When we're
ready to, yes.
When we're ready to.
Have you noticed that there's
a formula here for maybe
how to live a
purposeful life or how
to go through
finding your purpose?
Have you noticed that?
>>KELLEY: It's a
beautiful formula, yes.
And it's very simple.
Do what excites you.
Because it's directly related
to our gifts, to our talents,
to those things that are
innately yours, that we
so easily discredit because
we think, oh, it's just me.
No big deal.
So do that because it
comes innately to you.
Follow it to the best of
your abilities, right?
And then do it without
any expectation of where
that needs to take you.
That's really a simple,
three-step formula.
Do what excites you.
Do it to the best
of your abilities.
And do it without expecting
where that needs to take you.
Because that's how you are that
piece of the puzzle that fits,
that serves, that contributes,
and that also allows
you to fulfill you, right?
>>LISA: Have you
found that people--
when they go through
these lifetimes--
that they ultimately have a
purpose in every lifetime?
Is there any such thing
as a purposeless life?
>>KELLEY: No.
No, right?
Because there is consciousness.
There is meaning.
There is a desire for growth.
And that's how it shows
up as the purpose, right?
So that desire for growth is
the intention for this lifetime
that we set up right
before the life.
Makes sense, right?
>>LISA: It does.
I mean, we don't come
into an existence
for no reason as a soul.
We do want to evolve.
And you've seen that over
and over and over again.
>>KELLEY: And through
our evolution,
everything else
evolves as well, right?
The divine evokes
through us as well.
>>LISA: Do you have couples
come in together or business
partners or--
>>KELLEY: Working with
couples is so fun.
Sometimes, I go-- I
had the opportunity
to work with five sisters,
with their husbands,
and with their children.
And so I spend a lot of
time with each one of them.
And so guess what?
Over time, as we started
working all the connections
started showing up.
And then in one of
the regressions,
somebody asked towards
the end, why you?
How are we connected to you?
Because clearly we're
all connected to you.
And so this person
experienced the lifetime
where we were all
in the same village.
And I was the medicine
woman of the village.
And they would all come to me.
Because, obviously,
imagine five sisters.
There are stories.
There are disagreements.
And there is intense
love because they all
live close to each other.
And so I would be the medicine
woman they all come to.
And we'll make peace,
and we'll resolve things.
So much the same way, they
contributed in my understanding
in this lifetime so that I
can share the connections
that people have through
different lifetimes.
And I helped them smooth
a few things again.
>>LISA: Fascinating.
You've come through
a couple times now
as a medicine person or a--
do we have any connection with
being in medicine or anything
like that?
>>KELLEY: I don't.
But you know, soul
healing is healing.
And isn't all illness
actually a reflection
of an emotional block, right?
So I feel like my
work really allows
people to align and be the
best they can in every level.
>>LISA: Yes.
Well, it's fascinating
what you do.
And I really appreciate
you opening our minds
to something that has so
much validity and purpose
orientation in our lives.
It's really amazing.
>>KELLEY: Thank you.
>>LISA: What is the
reason you do what you do?
What is your biggest why?
>>KELLEY: What a good question.
I have to tell you.
It's really the
love for the person.
It's so different than
what most people say
because most people talk
about humanity and changing
the world--
ultimately.
For me, it's, I fall in
love with people every day.
And when I see a person, I
see the beauty of their soul.
I see how
extraordinary they are.
I see their potential.
I see where they
cut themselves short
and trip on their own mental
blocks and definitions
they've put.
And my desire is
to empower them.
My desire is to see them the
be the greatest they can.
So that's my why--
literally one person
at a time, making
the world a better place.
I'm fully in love with people.
>>LISA: Yes.
I get that.
I share that with you, really
truly in love with people.
And to see them get out of
pain, to see that they have
a different choice, and a
different way of being--
no matter what has
happened in their life--
that there are all these
amazing opportunities
to change and grow and
live your best life.
>>KELLEY: And then seeing people
actually apply all of this
into their life and coming
back and saying to me,
this is how everything
is different--
>>LISA: That's great.
>>KELLEY: My life is fulfilled.
>>LISA: Yes, wonderful.
Thank you so much for
sharing all of this with us.
And thank you so much for
sharing this time with me.
If you'd like to watch more
inspirational programming,
you can check out
"Inspirations" on Gaia.
I'm Lisa Garr.
And until next time, I
invite you to stay aware.